1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for building a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    it is additional information we place in side a tag for example, divs, selectios h1 etc.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for titles we can use as many as we can
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    divs and selection
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    7. What is an id? 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    href
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    as many as i need
    10. What is a class? 
    html elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    p, divs, nav, address
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as i need
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    with a nav tag and a <a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    inside a tag like <div id> <h1 id>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div holds the sections and a section is the start of new paragraph
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for designing HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class selection{

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a child parent selector is the class inside div, it would be usefull when we are adding background colors or fonts 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .div and all clases{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    :hoover{

    }
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    we use {}
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    we use underlines
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    we use selections
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del * 
    we have to be carful beacsue if we delate it will delate the file without asking if we are sure

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    everythime wehn wroking on a project
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


